[MIG][12.0] account_invoice_production_lot: Migration to v12 (#123)
OCA/account-invoice-reporting: account_invoice_production_lot/readme/USAGE.rst

* Create and validate a sale order

> * Set *Lots/Serial Numbers* on the delivered lines by clicking on the button *Lot Split*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set *Lots/Serial Numbers* on the delivered lines by clicking on the button *Register lots, packs, location*
```
